GRPC-V2 : Get Block Info (#212)
Concordium/concordium-java-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased changes
- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Account Info
- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Account List

> - Added support for GRPC V2 Get Block Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for GRPC V2 'GetBlockInfo' for retrieving information of the block being queried.
```
